## 经济管理类框架一
As is illustrated in the chart/diagram/graph/table, the number of _____ is roughly/approximately _____ in _____. Obviously/Apparently, the number of _____ has been on a dramatic rise/decrease over the past few years.
What accounts for the change/difference? From my perspective, at least three factors contribute to it. To begin with, the change is closely related to the rising income of Chinese people. More importantly, the change has a lot to do with the turning of people's attitude towards and outlook on life. Last but not least, the change is enhanced and promoted by the government's better policies as well as the more convenient channels in the _____ field.
As the society further develops, the rising/declining trend is bound to continue for a couple of years in the near/forthcoming future. As far as I am concerned, it is a positive/negative trend and should be stimulated/controlled, since it is beneficial not merely to individuals but to the whole society.



## 经济管理类框架二
The chart above demonstrates clearly that some changes have taken place in terms of _____. Based upon the data of the chart, one can see that _____ has been on a rise, while _____ has been on a decline. In the year of _____, the data/percentage of _____ was nearly _____, while within no more than _____ year(s), it went up to nearly _____. The statistics/percentage of _____ was _____ in _____, while it went down to _____ in _____.
It is not difficult for us to come up with some possible factors to account for this trend. At the top of the list, with the rapid development of China's economy and society, more and more people prefer to _____. It is reported that, approximately _____ of the families in China's big cities are fond of _____. In addition, we must admit that the government appeals to us to _____. Last but not least, _____ is becoming increasingly _____; that's a fact that cannot be ignored.
Taking into account what has been argued, we can come to the conclusion that this established trend is positive/negative and therefore acceptable/unacceptable. And I am firmly certain that this trend will continue/change in the years to come.