## 1 教育文化类框架：读书
The chart above reveals clearly the statistics of _____. Based upon the data, the numbers of _____ are highest among _____, accounting for _____ respectively. On the contrary, _____ are lowest, taking up merely _____.
This tendency is rather disturbing, for one should know that reading extensively is no less necessary to one's mental life than fresh air to one's physical life. From reading extensively, we can derive companionship, experience and instruction. First and foremost, a good book is our faithful friend. It can increase our contentment when we are cheerful and happy, and lessen our pain when we are sad or lonely. Furthermore, books can also offer us a wide range of experiences. Few of us can travel far from home or live long over one hundred, but all of us can live many lives through the pages of books. Last but not least, reading extensively can increase our intellectual ability and broaden our minds.
Though with the advent of mobile phones and the Internet, books are no longer read as extensively as they once were, nothing can replace the role that books play in our lives.


## 2. 教育文化类框架：流行文化（手机/网络）
As is illustrated in the chart, a large number of people are _____. Unfortunately, it seems rather ironic to _____. Undoubtedly, _____ serves as a symbol of _____.
The impressive diagram has subtly revealed the duality of the relationship between man and cell phone. On the one hand, there is no denying that the cell phone is currently one of the most efficient media used for interpersonal communication. As a college student, I get online every day to discuss news with other people on Microblog, to study English by registering for web courses, and to chat with my friends through WeChat. But on the other hand, a good many people admit that they are too addicted to smart phones to maintain face-to-face contact with their friends and colleagues. Once having indulged in the fictitious world, people feel reluctant to approach others and to concentrate on real life. That's why some people have lost the ability of direct contact and become alienated from others.
Hence, it is necessary for us to use mobile phone in a reasonable way and restrain ourselves from overindulgence. After all, the cell phone was invented to connect you and me, and to bring convenience to our life rather than to set barriers to keep people beyond reach.