## 1. 社会热点类框架：两代关系
As the chart illustrates, the period from _____ to _____ witnessed a tremendous increase in the number of _____. In _____, the number was only _____; however, it soared to nearly _____ in _____, and peaked at over _____ in _____.
As a nation renowned in the world for many of its virtues, the Chinese people have been practicing filial piety throughout history. Many often-told stories reiterate this time-honored virtue of loving and respecting the elderly, like the story of Tiying in the Western Han Dynasty who risked her life in order to save her wronged father from corporal punishment. Those who try every means to avoid their duties to look after their parents should bear in mind that they should be much indebted to their parents for their rearing. Without the loving care and selfless devotion of their parents, how could they have grown up healthily and become successful? How could it be possible for them to maltreat their parents without the pricks of conscience?
Every one of us should live up to the virtues passed down to us by our ancestors. Only in this way can we be worthy of the name of Chinese.

## 2. 社会热点类框架：旅游
It is apparent from the diagram above that the total income of tourist industry will reach _____ billion RMB by the year _____, at the growth rate of _____ per year. From the statistics given in the table, we can see that the value added in tourism will account for _____ of national GDP and _____ of the value added in service business.
Different countries are striving to develop their national tourism because tourism really has a lot of advantages. First and foremost, beautiful scenery, attractive tourist spots and splendid culture allure tourists from various parts of the world, which provides many opportunities to promote exchanges among people from diverse backgrounds. For instance, since the reform and opening-up, China, a country which has rich tourist resources, receives millions of foreign tourists every year. Moreover, travel enriches one's knowledge, widens one's visions and enhances mutual understanding. Through travelling, we Chinese have expanded our scope of knowledge, and we have come to know the world better and have been learning how to develop our country better. Finally, tourism boosts local economy and promotes commercial exchanges.
In my opinion, it is crucial for a country to develop its tourism to upgrade its international position and at the same time promote global understanding to remove prejudice and bias. We should make good use of our rich tourist resources to make our motherland more beautiful.


## 3. 社会热点类框架：爱心
When we use the word “_____”, we do not simply mean _____, which is a very narrow definition of the word. The picture below illustrates the real meaning of _____, by stressing the fact that _____ is emotional strength, which can support us no matter how dark the world around us becomes. As a matter of fact, throughout history people of many different cultures have regarded _____ as the most sublime of human emotions.
Take an example to illustrate the power of _____. We should remember how the Chinese people of all ethnic groups responded to the call to help the victims of the deadly earthquake in Sichuan Province in 2008. Although their incomes were still low by international standards, people all over the country did not hesitate to donate whatever they could—be it money or goods—to help their needy fellow citizens. Furthermore, they did this with no thought of gain or reward.
It is my view that the best way to _____ is to help people who are more unfortunate than we are. We should always be ready to give a helping hand to those who are in trouble, no matter whether they are family members or complete strangers. Only by doing so can we help to make the world a better place, for, as the picture shows, the darker the shadows of sorrow become, the more brightly the lamp of _____ shines.


## 4. 社会热点类框架：健康
The chart above illustrates clearly the data of _____ in a certain city between _____ and _____. As is revealed in the diagram, the statistics of _____ has been on a steady rise from _____ to _____, while the number of _____ increased considerably from _____ to _____, a rise of _____.
Two factors contribute to this tendency. In the first place, with the quickening pace of urban life, people are suffering ever-increasing pressure. Thus, gymnasiums in mounting numbers have been built by departments concerned, aiming to help people relax their body and mind. In the second place, the desire for good health is universal. People respectively choose jogging, playing basketball, swimming, skating, climbing or cycling as their regular exercise since exercise never fails to make us stronger and more energetic.
As far as I am concerned, I have a peculiar interest in yoga exercises. An hour's exercise every day makes me feel healthier and more vigorous. Besides, I never touch any cigarette or wine, neither do I stay up late. Instead, I keep a balanced diet and go to bed before 11 o'clock at night, because I believe burning the midnight oil is harmful to my health. More importantly, an optimistic attitude toward life makes me confident and persistent. To sum up, all these practices guarantee a healthy and happy life.


## 5. 社会热点类框架：交通
The figures in the above column chart indicate the stable increase of private cars from _____ to _____. As is shown in the chart, there were _____ families in every thousand possessing a private car in _____. During the next _____ years, the number was rising all the time. It went up to _____ in _____, and in _____, there were _____ private cars in every 1,000 families.
There are many factors for the increase and the main reasons are as follows. To begin with, with the speedy development of economy and the increase in people's income, a large number of families could afford a car. In addition, a great many Chinese cities such as Beijing and Shanghai are being extended with expressways and many people's houses are far away from their work places. To them, owning a private car could save time and bring a lot of convenience. Finally, with the development of expressways, transportation is greatly improved, which means better conditions for the drivers, encouraging a lot of people to buy a car of their own.
From the discussion above, we can conclude that families in mounting numbers will own private cars, and private cars will become a common household transportation too